Complete mitigation section (#112)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-ap-tee-io: specification/05-security_model.adoc

    eavesdrop or tamper with the TVM confidential data.

5+^| **Mitigations**
5+a| The `CoVE-IO-T009` threat can be addressed as follows:

>     - The TSM must guarantee the DMA translation table for one TDI can only
>       access the corresponding TVM.
>     - The DSM must guarantee the DMA request uses IDE TLP with T-bit set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The RDSM must guarantee that a DMA transaction from one TDI is translated by an IOMMU instance controlled by a TSM that manages the TVM to which the TDI is bound to.
    - The TSM must guarantee that the DMA translation table for one TDI can only
      access the corresponding TVM.
    - The DSM must guarantee that the DMA request uses IDE TLP with T-bit set.
```

Author: Updated.

    inconsistent with the actual device operation.

5+^| **Mitigations**
5+a| The `CoVE-IO-T010` threat can be addressed as follows:

>     - The TVM must accept the DMA translation table explictely.
>     - The TSM must not enable DMA translation table until the TVM accepts it.

Reviewer: I don't think the TVM should or can accept the DMA translation tables.

```suggestion
    - The RDSM must guarantee that a DMA transaction from one TDI is translated by an IOMMU instance controlled by a TSM that manages the TVM to which the TDI is bound to.
    - The TSM must guarantee that the DMA translation table for a TDI under its control is consistent with the G-stage tables for the TVM the TDI is bound to.
    - The TSM must not enable DMA translation table until the TVM accepts the TDI.
```

Author: > I don't think the TVM should or can accept the DMA translation tables.

For GPA->HPA, right, TVM cannot do anything.
But if DMA translation table also has GVA->GPA, then TVM needs to provide input.
